Pure `NXdata` detection logic (#792)
FAIRmat-NFDI/pynxtools: docs/learn/pynxtools/nexus-validation.md

    - For NeXus attributes, a warning is logged if there is no associated group or field for the attribute.

- **NXDL symbol consistency**: Application definitions can declare [symbols](https://manual.nexusformat.org/nxdl_desc.html#symbolstype) to express that multiple fields share a common dimension size. After all fields in a group have been visited, the validator checks that every field that references the same symbol agrees on its size. A warning is emitted for each symbol where two or more fields report different sizes.

> - **`NXdata`**: The [**`NXdata`**](https://manual.nexusformat.org/classes/base_classes/NXdata.html#nxdata) group plays a special role in NeXus as it is used to define [the plottable data](https://manual.nexusformat.org/examples/python/plotting/index.html). Identification of the signal and axes follows the three NeXus Data Plotting Standard conventions (v3/NIAC2014, v2/~2004, v1/oldest) implemented in `pynxtools.nexus.nxdata`. When a `@signal` attribute is present, the validator checks that the named dataset exists, that all declared axes exist and are dimensionally consistent with the signal, and that any `AXISNAME_indices` attributes reference valid dimensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **`NXdata`**: The [**`NXdata`**](https://manual.nexusformat.org/classes/base_classes/NXdata.html#nxdata) group plays a special role in NeXus as it not only stores [the plottable data](https://manual.nexusformat.org/examples/python/plotting/index.html) but also holds annotations  that can be used to guide software tools on how to plot and slice these data. Identification of the signal and axes follows the three NeXus Data Plotting Standard conventions (v3/NIAC2014, v2/~2004, v1/oldest) implemented in `pynxtools.nexus.nxdata`. When a `@signal` attribute is present, the validator checks that the named dataset exists, that all declared axes exist and are dimensionally consistent with the signal, and that any `AXISNAME_indices` attributes reference valid dimensions.
```

Author: See #799
